You and all the wise men will face death.
Could this Concubine Rong
become another Yan Wei?
All officials, please carry out your orders.
Please cooperate, ladies and lords.
How is Concubine Rong?
Replying to Your Majesty, Concubine Rong's internal organs
are severely injured.
If she can survive the night,
there will be hope.
If she does not make it,
if Concubine Rong is safe, you will be safe.
If there’s any sign of trouble,
send him to the afterlife.
I will do my utmost.
Empress, you must wake up.
We can't do without you.
Li Yuan.
He should still be at the banquet.
Today, the Empress asked him to guard Princess Loulan,
fearing something might happen.
What did you say?
Say that again.
The Empress asked Bi Yuan to guard Princess Loulan,
saying someone wanted to harm Princess Loulan.
Bring Bi Yuan here to witness.
Uh, yes.
Could it be that the Empress has given birth again?